These notes are associated with the updates from version 3.4 to 3.7.

The major updates in IFISS 3.4 were:
o new function install_ifiss (to supplement helpme)
o new function newchannel_domain 
  (extended outflow compared to channel_domain)
o inclusion of rsquare_domain and usquare_domain 
  (called in place of square_domain for convection-difusion test problems) 
o new symmetric step domain and functionality for solving associated 
  steady and unsteady flow problems (see symmetricstep.txt)


The significant updates in IFISS 3.5 were the addition of new 
functionality within the /timestepping/ directory:
o  updated driver function stabtrNS with the inclusion of an option 
   to perform nonlinear (Picard) iterations at every time step
o  new driver restart_stabtrNS to effect a warm restart from a 
   previously computed solution
o  new post-processing function (energymeanvorticity) that generates
   mean vorticity and acceleration data (to allow one to assess 
   convergence to a steady-state)  
o  enhanced post-processing of unsteady flow solution data: notably
   in the generation of (.avi) animations using the enhanced 
   video functionality built into recent releases of MATLAB.

The most significant update in IFISS 3.6 is the addition of 
the /biharmonic/ directory and functionality. 
Other changes include
o removal of the GMG functionality when solving Stokes and 
  N-S flow problems using it_solve
o removal of stabilised approximation (Q1-P0, Q1-Q1) when solving
  unsteady flow problems
o removal of shifted domain option when solving poisson control
  problems
o correction of the error estimation for steady Stokes and N-S
  (the functions q1div and q2div were originally coded incorrectly
  so Tables 3.4 and 3.5 and 8.1 in [ESW2014] are incorrect)


A minor issue with the implementation of time-dependent boundary 
conditions after a stabilized integration step has been addressed in 
a rerelease of the package.
. The updated routines are stabtr, stabtrNS and restart_stabTR, while 
  the originals are renamed as stabtrz, stabtrNSz and restart_stabTRz. 
. The updated version of stabtrBouss included within /boussinesq_flow/ 
  as stabtrBoussX is not called by default. This is to ensure that the 
  results reported in chapter 11 of [ESW2014] are reproducible.

One other addition in the rerelease gives the user the option of solving 
a "regularised" double glazing problem when running cd_testproblem. (The
original specification of the problem does not have a weak solution!)
 

The most significant update in IFISS 3.7 is the inclusion of additional 
functionality within the /biharmonic/ and /timestepping/ directories. 
These changes facilitate the automatic creation of videos. These
are stored in the /datafiles/ directory and can be viewed using 
QuickTime player on a Mac or Windows Media player on a PC. 

The second update is the inclusion of two-field pressure functionality
for Stokes and Navier-Stokes flow

Other changes include 
o removal of the biharmonic directory/functionality
o removal of the original versions of stabTR that were retained in 3.6
o optimisation of the AMG grid setup code 

 
David Silvester
5 August 2023.